act_ws.o: act_ws.c
act_ws.o: gks_implem.h
act_ws.o: xgks.h
act_ws.o: gks_defines.h
act_ws.o: primitive.h
act_ws.o: input.h
act_ws.o: wdt.h
act_ws.o: wslist.h
act_ws.o: gkslist.h
act_ws.o: gks_errors.h
act_ws.o: event.h
act_ws.o: metafile.h
aspect_flags.o: aspect_flags.c
aspect_flags.o: gks_implem.h
aspect_flags.o: xgks.h
aspect_flags.o: gks_defines.h
aspect_flags.o: primitive.h
aspect_flags.o: input.h
aspect_flags.o: wdt.h
aspect_flags.o: wslist.h
aspect_flags.o: gkslist.h
aspect_flags.o: gks_errors.h
aspect_flags.o: event.h
aspect_flags.o: metafile.h
cellarray.o: cellarray.c
cellarray.o: gks_implem.h
cellarray.o: xgks.h
cellarray.o: gks_defines.h
cellarray.o: primitive.h
cellarray.o: input.h
cellarray.o: wdt.h
cellarray.o: wslist.h
cellarray.o: gkslist.h
cellarray.o: gks_errors.h
cellarray.o: event.h
cellarray.o: metafile.h
choice.o: choice.c
choice.o: gks_implem.h
choice.o: xgks.h
choice.o: gks_defines.h
choice.o: primitive.h
choice.o: input.h
choice.o: wdt.h
choice.o: wslist.h
choice.o: gkslist.h
choice.o: gks_errors.h
choice.o: event.h
choice.o: metafile.h
colours.o: colours.c
colours.o: gks_implem.h
colours.o: xgks.h
colours.o: gks_defines.h
colours.o: primitive.h
colours.o: input.h
colours.o: wdt.h
colours.o: wslist.h
colours.o: gkslist.h
colours.o: gks_errors.h
colours.o: event.h
colours.o: metafile.h
deferral_ws.o: deferral_ws.c
deferral_ws.o: gks_implem.h
deferral_ws.o: xgks.h
deferral_ws.o: gks_defines.h
deferral_ws.o: primitive.h
deferral_ws.o: input.h
deferral_ws.o: wdt.h
deferral_ws.o: wslist.h
deferral_ws.o: gkslist.h
deferral_ws.o: gks_errors.h
deferral_ws.o: event.h
deferral_ws.o: metafile.h
escape.o: escape.c
escape.o: gks_implem.h
escape.o: xgks.h
escape.o: gks_defines.h
escape.o: primitive.h
escape.o: input.h
escape.o: wdt.h
escape.o: wslist.h
escape.o: gkslist.h
escape.o: gks_errors.h
escape.o: event.h
escape.o: metafile.h
escape.o: cgm/cgm.h
escape.o: cgm/cgm_implem.h
event.o: event.c
event.o: gks_implem.h
event.o: xgks.h
event.o: gks_defines.h
event.o: primitive.h
event.o: input.h
event.o: wdt.h
event.o: wslist.h
event.o: gkslist.h
event.o: gks_errors.h
event.o: event.h
event.o: metafile.h
externinit.o: externinit.c
externinit.o: gks_implem.h
externinit.o: xgks.h
externinit.o: gks_defines.h
externinit.o: primitive.h
externinit.o: input.h
externinit.o: wdt.h
externinit.o: wslist.h
externinit.o: gkslist.h
externinit.o: gks_errors.h
externinit.o: event.h
externinit.o: metafile.h
fillarea.o: fillarea.c
fillarea.o: gks_implem.h
fillarea.o: xgks.h
fillarea.o: gks_defines.h
fillarea.o: primitive.h
fillarea.o: input.h
fillarea.o: wdt.h
fillarea.o: wslist.h
fillarea.o: gkslist.h
fillarea.o: gks_errors.h
fillarea.o: event.h
fillarea.o: metafile.h
fillarea.o: fillarea.h
gdadds.o: gdadds.c
gdadds.o: gks_implem.h
gdadds.o: xgks.h
gdadds.o: gks_defines.h
gdadds.o: primitive.h
gdadds.o: input.h
gdadds.o: wdt.h
gdadds.o: wslist.h
gdadds.o: gkslist.h
gdadds.o: gks_errors.h
gdadds.o: event.h
gdadds.o: metafile.h
gdadds.o: gif/gd.h
gdadds.o: gif/gdadds.h
gd.o: gd.c
gd.o: gif/gd.h
gd.o: gif/mtables.h
gdp.o: gdp.c
gdp.o: gks_implem.h
gdp.o: xgks.h
gdp.o: gks_defines.h
gdp.o: primitive.h
gdp.o: input.h
gdp.o: wdt.h
gdp.o: wslist.h
gdp.o: gkslist.h
gdp.o: gks_errors.h
gdp.o: event.h
gdp.o: metafile.h
ggdp.o: ggdp.c
ggdp.o: gks_implem.h
ggdp.o: xgks.h
ggdp.o: gks_defines.h
ggdp.o: primitive.h
ggdp.o: input.h
ggdp.o: wdt.h
ggdp.o: wslist.h
ggdp.o: gkslist.h
ggdp.o: gks_errors.h
ggdp.o: event.h
ggdp.o: metafile.h
gif.o: gif.c
gif.o: gks_implem.h
gif.o: xgks.h
gif.o: gks_defines.h
gif.o: primitive.h
gif.o: input.h
gif.o: wdt.h
gif.o: wslist.h
gif.o: gkslist.h
gif.o: gks_errors.h
gif.o: event.h
gif.o: metafile.h
gif.o: cgm/cgm.h
gif.o: cgm/cgm_implem.h
gif.o: gif/gif.h
gif.o: gif/gd.h
gif.o: gif/gdadds.h
gif_with_background.o: gif_with_background.c
gif_with_background.o: gks_implem.h
gif_with_background.o: xgks.h
gif_with_background.o: gks_defines.h
gif_with_background.o: primitive.h
gif_with_background.o: input.h
gif_with_background.o: wdt.h
gif_with_background.o: wslist.h
gif_with_background.o: gkslist.h
gif_with_background.o: gks_errors.h
gif_with_background.o: event.h
gif_with_background.o: metafile.h
gif_with_background.o: cgm/cgm.h
gif_with_background.o: cgm/cgm_implem.h
gif_with_background.o: gif/gif.h
gif_with_background.o: gif/gd.h
gif_with_background.o: gif/gdadds.h
input.o: input.c
input.o: gks_implem.h
input.o: xgks.h
input.o: gks_defines.h
input.o: primitive.h
input.o: input.h
input.o: wdt.h
input.o: wslist.h
input.o: gkslist.h
input.o: gks_errors.h
input.o: event.h
input.o: metafile.h
inqfillareas.o: inqfillareas.c
inqfillareas.o: gks_implem.h
inqfillareas.o: xgks.h
inqfillareas.o: gks_defines.h
inqfillareas.o: primitive.h
inqfillareas.o: input.h
inqfillareas.o: wdt.h
inqfillareas.o: wslist.h
inqfillareas.o: gkslist.h
inqfillareas.o: gks_errors.h
inqfillareas.o: event.h
inqfillareas.o: metafile.h
inqfillareas.o: fillarea.h
inqpixel.o: inqpixel.c
inqpixel.o: gks_implem.h
inqpixel.o: xgks.h
inqpixel.o: gks_defines.h
inqpixel.o: primitive.h
inqpixel.o: input.h
inqpixel.o: wdt.h
inqpixel.o: wslist.h
inqpixel.o: gkslist.h
inqpixel.o: gks_errors.h
inqpixel.o: event.h
inqpixel.o: metafile.h
inqpmarker.o: inqpmarker.c
inqpmarker.o: gks_implem.h
inqpmarker.o: xgks.h
inqpmarker.o: gks_defines.h
inqpmarker.o: primitive.h
inqpmarker.o: input.h
inqpmarker.o: wdt.h
inqpmarker.o: wslist.h
inqpmarker.o: gkslist.h
inqpmarker.o: gks_errors.h
inqpmarker.o: event.h
inqpmarker.o: metafile.h
inqpmarker.o: polymarkers.h
inqpolylines.o: inqpolylines.c
inqpolylines.o: gks_implem.h
inqpolylines.o: xgks.h
inqpolylines.o: gks_defines.h
inqpolylines.o: primitive.h
inqpolylines.o: input.h
inqpolylines.o: wdt.h
inqpolylines.o: wslist.h
inqpolylines.o: gkslist.h
inqpolylines.o: gks_errors.h
inqpolylines.o: event.h
inqpolylines.o: metafile.h
inqpolylines.o: polylines.h
inqtext.o: inqtext.c
inqtext.o: gks_implem.h
inqtext.o: xgks.h
inqtext.o: gks_defines.h
inqtext.o: primitive.h
inqtext.o: input.h
inqtext.o: wdt.h
inqtext.o: wslist.h
inqtext.o: gkslist.h
inqtext.o: gks_errors.h
inqtext.o: event.h
inqtext.o: metafile.h
inqtext.o: text.h
inqtransform.o: inqtransform.c
inqtransform.o: gks_implem.h
inqtransform.o: xgks.h
inqtransform.o: gks_defines.h
inqtransform.o: primitive.h
inqtransform.o: input.h
inqtransform.o: wdt.h
inqtransform.o: wslist.h
inqtransform.o: gkslist.h
inqtransform.o: gks_errors.h
inqtransform.o: event.h
inqtransform.o: metafile.h
inquiries.o: inquiries.c
inquiries.o: gks_implem.h
inquiries.o: xgks.h
inquiries.o: gks_defines.h
inquiries.o: primitive.h
inquiries.o: input.h
inquiries.o: wdt.h
inquiries.o: wslist.h
inquiries.o: gkslist.h
inquiries.o: gks_errors.h
inquiries.o: event.h
inquiries.o: metafile.h
inqWDT.o: inqWDT.c
inqWDT.o: gks_implem.h
inqWDT.o: xgks.h
inqWDT.o: gks_defines.h
inqWDT.o: primitive.h
inqWDT.o: input.h
inqWDT.o: wdt.h
inqWDT.o: wslist.h
inqWDT.o: gkslist.h
inqWDT.o: gks_errors.h
inqWDT.o: event.h
inqWDT.o: metafile.h
locator.o: locator.c
locator.o: gks_implem.h
locator.o: xgks.h
locator.o: gks_defines.h
locator.o: primitive.h
locator.o: input.h
locator.o: wdt.h
locator.o: wslist.h
locator.o: gkslist.h
locator.o: gks_errors.h
locator.o: event.h
locator.o: metafile.h
message.o: message.c
message.o: gks_implem.h
message.o: xgks.h
message.o: gks_defines.h
message.o: primitive.h
message.o: input.h
message.o: wdt.h
message.o: wslist.h
message.o: gkslist.h
message.o: gks_errors.h
message.o: event.h
message.o: metafile.h
metafile.o: metafile.c
metafile.o: gks_implem.h
metafile.o: xgks.h
metafile.o: gks_defines.h
metafile.o: primitive.h
metafile.o: input.h
metafile.o: wdt.h
metafile.o: wslist.h
metafile.o: gkslist.h
metafile.o: gks_errors.h
metafile.o: event.h
metafile.o: metafile.h
metafile.o: gksm/gksm.h
metafile.o: cgm/cgm.h
metafile.o: ps/ps.h
metafile.o: gif/gif.h
mkerrmsg.o: mkerrmsg.c
open_gks.o: open_gks.c
open_gks.o: gks_implem.h
open_gks.o: xgks.h
open_gks.o: gks_defines.h
open_gks.o: primitive.h
open_gks.o: input.h
open_gks.o: wdt.h
open_gks.o: wslist.h
open_gks.o: gkslist.h
open_gks.o: gks_errors.h
open_gks.o: event.h
open_gks.o: metafile.h
open_gks.o: fillarea.h
open_gks.o: text.h
open_gks.o: polylines.h
open_gks.o: polymarkers.h
open_ws.o: open_ws.c
open_ws.o: gks_implem.h
open_ws.o: xgks.h
open_ws.o: gks_defines.h
open_ws.o: primitive.h
open_ws.o: input.h
open_ws.o: wdt.h
open_ws.o: wslist.h
open_ws.o: gkslist.h
open_ws.o: gks_errors.h
open_ws.o: event.h
open_ws.o: metafile.h
pick.o: pick.c
pick.o: gks_implem.h
pick.o: xgks.h
pick.o: gks_defines.h
pick.o: primitive.h
pick.o: input.h
pick.o: wdt.h
pick.o: wslist.h
pick.o: gkslist.h
pick.o: gks_errors.h
pick.o: event.h
pick.o: metafile.h
polylines.o: polylines.c
polylines.o: gks_implem.h
polylines.o: xgks.h
polylines.o: gks_defines.h
polylines.o: primitive.h
polylines.o: input.h
polylines.o: wdt.h
polylines.o: wslist.h
polylines.o: gkslist.h
polylines.o: gks_errors.h
polylines.o: event.h
polylines.o: metafile.h
polylines.o: polylines.h
polymarkers.o: polymarkers.c
polymarkers.o: gks_implem.h
polymarkers.o: xgks.h
polymarkers.o: gks_defines.h
polymarkers.o: primitive.h
polymarkers.o: input.h
polymarkers.o: wdt.h
polymarkers.o: wslist.h
polymarkers.o: gkslist.h
polymarkers.o: gks_errors.h
polymarkers.o: event.h
polymarkers.o: metafile.h
polymarkers.o: polymarkers.h
prmgr.o: prmgr.c
prmgr.o: gks_implem.h
prmgr.o: xgks.h
prmgr.o: gks_defines.h
prmgr.o: primitive.h
prmgr.o: input.h
prmgr.o: wdt.h
prmgr.o: wslist.h
prmgr.o: gkslist.h
prmgr.o: gks_errors.h
prmgr.o: event.h
prmgr.o: metafile.h
ps.o: ps.c
ps.o: gks_implem.h
ps.o: xgks.h
ps.o: gks_defines.h
ps.o: primitive.h
ps.o: input.h
ps.o: wdt.h
ps.o: wslist.h
ps.o: gkslist.h
ps.o: gks_errors.h
ps.o: event.h
ps.o: metafile.h
ps.o: cgm/cgm.h
ps.o: cgm/cgm_implem.h
ps.o: ps/ps.h
ps.o: ps/headerv4.0.h
segments.o: segments.c
segments.o: gks_implem.h
segments.o: xgks.h
segments.o: gks_defines.h
segments.o: primitive.h
segments.o: input.h
segments.o: wdt.h
segments.o: wslist.h
segments.o: gkslist.h
segments.o: gks_errors.h
segments.o: event.h
segments.o: metafile.h
string.o: string.c
string.o: gks_implem.h
string.o: xgks.h
string.o: gks_defines.h
string.o: primitive.h
string.o: input.h
string.o: wdt.h
string.o: wslist.h
string.o: gkslist.h
string.o: gks_errors.h
string.o: event.h
string.o: metafile.h
stroke.o: stroke.c
stroke.o: gks_implem.h
stroke.o: xgks.h
stroke.o: gks_defines.h
stroke.o: primitive.h
stroke.o: input.h
stroke.o: wdt.h
stroke.o: wslist.h
stroke.o: gkslist.h
stroke.o: gks_errors.h
stroke.o: event.h
stroke.o: metafile.h
text.o: text.c
text.o: gks_implem.h
text.o: xgks.h
text.o: gks_defines.h
text.o: primitive.h
text.o: input.h
text.o: wdt.h
text.o: wslist.h
text.o: gkslist.h
text.o: gks_errors.h
text.o: event.h
text.o: metafile.h
text.o: text.h
transforms.o: transforms.c
transforms.o: gks_implem.h
transforms.o: xgks.h
transforms.o: gks_defines.h
transforms.o: primitive.h
transforms.o: input.h
transforms.o: wdt.h
transforms.o: wslist.h
transforms.o: gkslist.h
transforms.o: gks_errors.h
transforms.o: event.h
transforms.o: metafile.h
umalloc.o: umalloc.c
update.o: update.c
update.o: gks_implem.h
update.o: xgks.h
update.o: gks_defines.h
update.o: primitive.h
update.o: input.h
update.o: wdt.h
update.o: wslist.h
update.o: gkslist.h
update.o: gks_errors.h
update.o: event.h
update.o: metafile.h
valuator.o: valuator.c
valuator.o: gks_implem.h
valuator.o: xgks.h
valuator.o: gks_defines.h
valuator.o: primitive.h
valuator.o: input.h
valuator.o: wdt.h
valuator.o: wslist.h
valuator.o: gkslist.h
valuator.o: gks_errors.h
valuator.o: event.h
valuator.o: metafile.h
